Create MDN pages for Global Privacy Control (#11884)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/privacy/network/index.md

    - `"never"`: HTTPS-Only mode is off.
    - `"private_browsing"`: HTTPS-Only mode is on in private browsing windows only.

- `globalPrivacyControl`

  - : this setting allows your extension to determine if a user has enabled

>     [Global Privacy Control](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/globalPrivacyControl). This property is read-only on all platforms. Its underlying value is a boolean where 'true' indicates that the browser sends Global Privacy Control signals and 'false' indicates the browser does not send the signals.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [Global Privacy Control](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Navigator/globalPrivacyControl). This property is read-only on all platforms. Its underlying value is a boolean where `true` indicates that the browser sends Global Privacy Control signals and `false` indicates the browser does not send the signals.
```
